# BAGH-BONDI
BAGH-BONDI is a board game . It is a strategic two-player board game that originated in Nepal. In some places, it is also known as “Bagh-Chal”. In this game one player controls four tigers and the other player controls up to twenty goats. The tigers 'hunt' the goats while the goats attempt to block the tigers' movements. This game is popular in rural areas of the country. The game  is implemented using C/C++. In this game two options will be available: Two-Player mode and AI mode. In the Two player options one person can choose to play as goats and another as tiger. In the AI option, one player can play against the computer which will have multiple difficulty levels. The algorithms for the AI part will be developed using heuristic approaches. The program will allow the players to make their moves, and check the validity of the moves. At the end of the game, the winner of the game will be shown on the screen.


Project Title: Bagh-Bondi: A Board Game
Project Description: A board game named “Bagh-Bondi” will be developed. It is a strategic two-player board game that originated in Nepal. In some places, it is also known as “Bagh-Chal”. In this game one player controls four tigers and the other player controls up to twenty goats. The tigers 'hunt' the goats while the goats attempt to block the tigers' movements. This game is popular in rural areas of the country.
The game will be implemented using C/C++. In this game two options will be available: Two-Player mode and AI mode. In the Two player options one person can choose to play as goats and another as tiger. In the AI option, one player can play against the computer which will have multiple difficulty levels. The algorithms for the AI part will be developed using heuristic approaches.
The program will allow the players to make their moves, and check the validity of the moves. At the end of the game, the winner of the game will be shown on the screen.
